README.md, before:

# Dojo with Ruby on Rails

I haven't found a good implementation of the cool javascript Dojo toolkit library so I decided to release my own gem. This gem allows you to use the full dojo suite in your [Ruby on Rails](http://github.com/rails/rails) application. The project is divided into three gems dojo-rails, [dijit-rails](https://github.com/robin850/dijit-rails) and [dojox-rails](https://github.com/robin850/dojox-rails). 

This repository used to host each project's folder but there are now in their own repository. This one host dojo itself (the base and full version).

**Notice** : these gems aren't very stable for the moment. You must be aware of that. 

## Installation and use

To use these gems, you should edit the `Gemfile` of your application and add the following line:

``` ruby
gem 'dojo-rails'
```

Then run the `bundle` command to install it. Now, inside your javascript assets, you can use dojo? If you want more information on how to set-up and use one of these gems in your application, please see [the wiki](https://github.com/robin850/dojo-rails/wiki).

Notice that `dojo-rails` provides both the base and full distribution of the toolkit. If you just the want the base distribution, in your js file, add:

```javascript
//= require dojo
```

And for the full version:

```javascript
//= require dojo/dojo
```

That's it! It may seem obvious but you can also use [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org) in your files. Here an example [reference guide](http://dojotoolkit.org/reference-guide/1.8/):

```coffeescript
#= require dojo
require(["dojo/router", "dojo/dom", "dojo/fx", "dojo/domReady!"], (router, dom, fx) ->
  router.register("/articles/:id", (evt) ->
    alert "The article has the id " + evt[id]
  )
  router.startup()

  greeting = dom.byId("greeting")
  greeting.innerHTML += " from Dojo!"

  fx.slideTo({
    top: 100,
    left: 200,
    node: greeting
  }).play()
)
```

### Troubleshooting

One of the worst problem when you use dojo-rails and Coffeescript together is that sometimes, Dojo defines functions which are reserved keyword in Coffeescript such as `then` with `dojo/request` or the `dojo/on` module that you will certainly name `on`. Except rename modules, there is no real solution such as for the `then` function. If you have a solution, **please let me know**!

## Special thanks

I want to thanks the [jquery-rails](http://github.com/rails/jquery-rails) project ; it helps me to release theses three projects. I would also thanks the [Ruby on Rails team](http://github.com/rails/) and its contributors. Thanks guys!

## Contribution

### Code

If you want to contribute to the code of the project to enhance a gem or the full suite, thanks ! You just have to :

* Fork the project
* Clone the repository on your local machine
* Create a new branch with `git checkout -b new_feature`
* Make changes and commit them
* `git push origin master`
* Open a new pull request

### Bugs and issues

If you found bug or if you have issues, please open a [new ticket](https://github.com/robin850/dojo-rails/issues/new) on the issue tracker. Thank you a lot!

## License

This project is released under the MIT license. See the `LICENSE` file for more information.

Commit message:

The Dojo Toolkit's license is now more visible
Add a DOJO_LICENSE file at the root level and fex information about it
in the README file

README.md, after:

# Dojo with Ruby on Rails

I haven't found a good implementation of the cool javascript Dojo toolkit library so I decided to release my own gem. This gem allows you to use the full dojo suite in your [Ruby on Rails](http://github.com/rails/rails) application. The project is divided into three gems dojo-rails, [dijit-rails](https://github.com/robin850/dijit-rails) and [dojox-rails](https://github.com/robin850/dojox-rails). 

This repository used to host each project's folder but there are now in their own repository. This one host dojo itself (the base and full version).

**Notice** : these gems aren't very stable for the moment. You must be aware of that. 

## Installation and use

To use these gems, you should edit the `Gemfile` of your application and add the following line:

``` ruby
gem 'dojo-rails'
```

Then run the `bundle` command to install it. Now, inside your javascript assets, you can use dojo? If you want more information on how to set-up and use one of these gems in your application, please see [the wiki](https://github.com/robin850/dojo-rails/wiki).

Notice that `dojo-rails` provides both the base and full distribution of the toolkit. If you just the want the base distribution, in your js file, add:

```javascript
//= require dojo
```

And for the full version:

```javascript
//= require dojo/dojo
```

That's it! It may seem obvious but you can also use [CoffeeScript](http://coffeescript.org) in your files. Here an example [reference guide](http://dojotoolkit.org/reference-guide/1.8/):

```coffeescript
#= require dojo
require(["dojo/router", "dojo/dom", "dojo/fx", "dojo/domReady!"], (router, dom, fx) ->
  router.register("/articles/:id", (evt) ->
    alert "The article has the id " + evt[id]
  )
  router.startup()

  greeting = dom.byId("greeting")
  greeting.innerHTML += " from Dojo!"

  fx.slideTo({
    top: 100,
    left: 200,
    node: greeting
  }).play()
)
```

### Troubleshooting

One of the worst problem when you use dojo-rails and Coffeescript together is that sometimes, Dojo defines functions which are reserved keyword in Coffeescript such as `then` with `dojo/request` or the `dojo/on` module that you will certainly name `on`. Except rename modules, there is no real solution such as for the `then` function. If you have a solution, **please let me know**!

## Special thanks

I want to thanks the [jquery-rails](http://github.com/rails/jquery-rails) project ; it helps me to release theses three projects. I would also thanks the [Ruby on Rails team](http://github.com/rails/) and its contributors. Thanks guys!

## Contribution

### Code

If you want to contribute to the code of the project to enhance a gem or the full suite, thanks ! You just have to :

* Fork the project
* Clone the repository on your local machine
* Create a new branch with `git checkout -b new_feature`
* Make changes and commit them
* `git push origin master`
* Open a new pull request

### Bugs and issues

If you found bug or if you have issues, please open a [new ticket](https://github.com/robin850/dojo-rails/issues/new) on the issue tracker. Thank you a lot!

## License

This project is released under the MIT license. See the `LICENSE` file for more information. Dojo Toolkit is available under either the terms of the modified BSD license or the Academic Free License version 2.1. Please see the `DOJO_LICENSE` file or [visit the official page](http://dojotoolkit.org/license) for more information.
